src/pages/about/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: 'about-page'
path: /about
title: What's this all about?
---
### Culling
The word comes from the Latin colligere, which means "to collect". The term can be applied broadly to mean sorting a collection into two groups: one that will be kept and one that will be rejected. The cull is the set of items rejected during the selection process. The culling process is repeated until the selected group is of proper size and consistency desired.  -Wikipedia

### Origin
A the end of the year, Mark was lamenting he had too much stuff (projects going on as well as physical objects collected). He was inspired by Jessica's #walkeveryday meme and wanted a similar daily ritual.  Dailyculling.com was not registered so there you go.  At the same time mark was interested in some new-to-him toys on the Jam-Stack like Netlify, Gatsby and Airtable.  Geeks will code. 

### Deeper Thoughts
A legacy is typically composed of accomplishments and the rewards that come with those accomplishments.  For Example buying a house when you get a steady job.  This is "blastic" or germinating behavior. The opposite of this is "clastic" or culling behavior.  In biology we wee this in bone formation with Osteoblasts and  Osteoclasts.  Blastic actions without culling results in chaos and detritus. There is a tendency to celebrate the acquisition of things (projects, people, goods, health) but for some reason the loss or things is ignored.  Perhaps a celebration of culling is in order.  Look for more blog posts about this and related deeper thoughts in the blog section.

Commit message:

typos on the about page and added a license

src/pages/about/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: 'about-page'
path: /about
title: What's this all about?
---
### Culling
The word comes from the Latin colligere, which means "to collect". The term can be applied broadly to mean sorting a collection into two groups: one that will be kept and one that will be rejected. The cull is the set of items rejected during the selection process. The culling process is repeated until the selected group is of proper size and consistency desired.  -Wikipedia

### Origin
A the end of the year, Mark was lamenting he had too much stuff (projects going on as well as physical objects collected). He was inspired by Jessica's #walkeveryday meme and wanted a similar daily ritual.  Dailyculling.com was not registered so there you go.  At the same time mark was interested in some new-to-him toys on the Jam-Stack like Netlify, Gatsby and Airtable.  Geeks will code. 

### Deeper Thoughts
A legacy is typically composed of accomplishments and the rewards that come with those accomplishments.  For example buying a house when you get a steady job.  This is "blastic" or germinating behavior. The opposite of this is "clastic" or culling behavior.  In biology we observe this balance in bone formation with Osteoblasts and Osteoclasts forming and shaping new bone after a break.  Collecting without culling results in chaos and detritus. There is a tendency to celebrate the acquisition of things (projects, people, goods, health) but the loss or things is ignored.  Perhaps a celebration of culling is in order.  Look for more blog posts about this and related deeper thoughts in the blog section.

### Never Adequately Explained
This started with a desire to be rid of things and appreciating the dark undertones of the word culling.  Making culling part of a daily routine and recording it doesn't have a particular purpose. 

### Code of Conduct
All entries may be culled.  This process will remain mysterious.

### License
This site and all the content is hosted on a public [repo](https://github.com/nohorse/daily-culling-cms) with the MIT license.
